feat(cli): Rename quick-start to one-shot and update design docs and codebase (#2504)
hashgraph/solo: docs/site/content/en/development/task-tool.md

NOTE: this requires cloning the GitHub repository: <https://github.com/hiero-ledger/solo>

> First, install the cluster tool `kind` with this [link](https://kind.sigs.k8s.io/docs/user/one-shot#installation)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
First, install the cluster tool `kind` with this [link](https://kind.sigs.k8s.io/docs/user/quick-start#installation)
```
